# Users Guide


## Steps to launch and run the prototype



1. Download the apk from the link provided in the apk file.
2. Install the apk file in your mobile device.
3. After installation, open MentorED app and signup with your email.

    Else you can use the credentials given below.


    _Demo User Credentials_

* Email: [codani1805@youke1.com](mailto:codani1805@youke1.com)

        Password: qwerty123

* Email:

        [trennulibeula-8228@yopmail.com](mailto:trennulibeula-8228@yopmail.com)


        Password: qwerty123

4. Login to MentorED with valid credentials.
5. Profile update flow:

    Note: The user will not be able to create a session before updating his/her profile.

* After login, the user can click on the profile icon in the bottom tab to reach the profile page.
* If the user has not yet updated his/her profile, they will be taken directly to the edit profile.
* Also, users can click on the edit profile button on the profile page for editing their profile.
* On the edit profile page, user can edit their profile and update it.
6. Create session and start session flow:
* Note: User should update his/her profile in the app before creating session. If user tries to create session before updating their profile, they will be redirected to edit profile page.
* In the home page, user will have two options for creating a session.

     

1. AI Chat-BOT: 

        User can use the AI Chat-BOT assistant and Chat-GPT which helps them with creating proper contents for their session. AI Chat-BOT collects some key informations about the session from the creator by using a simple conversational flow. With those key informations collected by AI Chat-BOT, Chat-GPT creates better contents for creator. For eg: session descriptions, session titles etc. 


        Once the conversation flow is over, user will be able to preview both contents generated by Chat-GPT and values collected by AI Chat-BOT.

2. Standard form:

        User can also use a Standard form where he/she can manually enters all the details needed for creating a session and then publish it.

* Note: user can use both AI Chat-BOT and Standard form for editing a session too.
* After creating a session, the user will be able to see that session in the Upcoming tab. 
* Users can start a session by clicking on the Start button given in the session card  in the upcoming tab. Once the Start button is clicked, the user will be taken to the open-source video conference platform, Big Blue Button, where the session will be hosted. 

	



* If the User clicks on any of the session cards, he/she will be taken to the session details page of that specific session. The user will be able to edit and delete the session he created. Also, user can share their session with a different platform.
* All the hosted/completed sessions will be listed under Past tab.
* For the completed sessions, the user will be able to see
1. Summary of the session.
2. Discord channel link for the session.
3. Transcript of the session.
4. Video of the session.

    For a session, a dedicated Discord channel will be created that includes the transcript and summary of the session. This allows mentors and mentees to continue the conversation and discuss further 

7. Upload credentials flow:

    On clicking the ADD CREDENTIALS button provided on the profile details page, the user will be able to add their credentials and verify their account.


    Once the user clicks the ADD CREDENTIALS button he will be able to see a screen where he can select a credential type which is Identity, Skill, and Work


    Note: The user can upload the files for each credential(not mandatory).

1. Identity:

        On selecting this credential type the user will be able to select an id type which is Aadhaar, Voter Id, and Driving Licence, and on selecting the id type the user should provide their respective ids.

2. Skills:

        On selecting this credential type the user will be able to select a skill, or university, and enter their roll number and year of passing.

3. Work:

        On selecting this credential type the user will be able to provide their work experience and company name


    On clicking the ADD button and once the credentials are uploaded successfully the user will be able to view the uploaded credentials in the credentials section on the profile details page.


    Once the user is verified a check circle icon will appear next to the user name on the profile details page.
